<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-users] Metameets 2012
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-users/2012-October/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-users%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-users%5D%20Metameets%202012&In-Reply-To=%3CCAG6z%2BU6WV18_E6T_SRhcVqfUTknYVv7nL3EaCV3pKsW8atqO6Q%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="011069.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="011076.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-users] Metameets 2012</H1>
    <B>Fleep Tuque</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-users%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-users%5D%20Metameets%202012&In-Reply-To=%3CCAG6z%2BU6WV18_E6T_SRhcVqfUTknYVv7nL3EaCV3pKsW8atqO6Q%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-users] Metameets 2012">fleep513 at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Sun Oct 14 16:27:32 CEST 2012</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="011069.html">[Opensim-users] Metameets 2012
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="011076.html">[Opensim-users] Metameets 2012
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#11074">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#11074">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#11074">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#11074">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>We've added this to the agenda for our next AvaCon board meeting, and I
think that timeline sounds feasible.  Most people are pretty busy with
holiday stuff for the next couple months, so starting the serious planning
after the New Year makes sense.

Will post an update after our meeting to confirm the rest of the AvaCon
folks are on board.  (I don't anticipate any issues!)

Thanks,

- Chris/Fleep


Chris M. Collins (SL/OS: Fleep Tuque)
Center for Simulations &amp; Virtual Environments Research (UCSIM)
UCIT Instructional &amp; Research Computing
University of Cincinnati
406A Zimmer Hall
315 College Drive
PO BOX 210088
Cincinnati, OH 45221-0088
<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">chris.collins at uc.edu</A>
(513) 556-3018

<A HREF="http://ucsim.uc.edu">http://ucsim.uc.edu</A>

On Fri, Oct 12, 2012 at 7:19 PM, Justin Clark-Casey &lt;
<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">jjustincc at googlemail.com</A>&gt; wrote:

&gt;<i> Thanks Fleep (and everybody else) for their comments.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> I was envisioning something very simple, at least for the first year, most
</I>&gt;<i> preferably held on up to 4 regions of osgrid.  This would be to make it
</I>&gt;<i> simpler to control and troubleshoot, rather than having to co-ordinate with
</I>&gt;<i> a number of people and different grid conditions.  I think that it also
</I>&gt;<i> provides better focus, though of course there's no reason people couldn't
</I>&gt;<i> also just go and visit other locations intergrid or hypergrid.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> I would also try to squeeze as many avatars in a single voice-enabled
</I>&gt;<i> location rather than relay to other places.  This is probably the major
</I>&gt;<i> technical challenge - I guess the obvious 'normal' thing to do is to meet
</I>&gt;<i> at the intersection of 4 simulators.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> I will be leaning very heavily on people like Avacon and yourself, Fleep,
</I>&gt;<i> for organization since this is far from my strong point.  So help will be
</I>&gt;<i> really appreciated.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> My own mental timetable is to start the ball rolling in earnest early next
</I>&gt;<i> year (probably January) with a view to having the conference in the last
</I>&gt;<i> half or quarter of 2013.  So next year I will create a Google group and ask
</I>&gt;<i> interested people to join so we can start talking further and get
</I>&gt;<i> volunteers.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Of course, any early suggestions from yourself (or anybody else) are very
</I>&gt;<i> welcome since people have vastly more experience and skill with this kind
</I>&gt;<i> of stuff than do I!
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Best,
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Justin
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> On 11/10/12 06:21, Fleep Tuque wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Hi Justin,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> About a year ago, AvaCon discussed the possibility of organizing an
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> online Opensim Users Conference, but it seemed like
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> the timing wasn't good for many folks: <A HREF="http://www.avacon.org/blog/**">http://www.avacon.org/blog/**</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> events/opensim-users-**conference/&lt;<A HREF="http://www.avacon.org/blog/events/opensim-users-conference/">http://www.avacon.org/blog/events/opensim-users-conference/</A>&gt;  I'd need to check
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> with the rest of the Avacon board since we haven't discussed it in a
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> while, but I'm pretty sure we'd still be up for
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> organizing or sponsoring/partnering with others if this is something the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> community would like to do.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Personally I think it's a great idea, I'm sure there are tons of things
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> we could all learn from each other, and I always
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> love an excuse to go visit other grids!
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> - Chris/Fleep
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> On Thu, Oct 11, 2012 at 12:28 AM, Mic Bowman &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">cmickeyb at gmail.com</A> &lt;mailto:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">cmickeyb at gmail.com</A>&gt;&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     Sounds like a great idea.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     On Wed, Oct 10, 2012 at 7:22 PM, Diva Canto &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&lt;mailto:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&gt;**&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; On 10/10/2012 5:56 PM, Justin Clark-Casey wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt; On another note, I think it would be good to have an OpenSimulator
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt; conference at some point in OpenSimulator itself, maybe next
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> year.  Of
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt; course the problems are avatar limits (maybe Intel DSG could help
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> with that)
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt; and possible crashing (hence would have to be an 'alpha' free
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> conference).
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt; However, I don't think these would stop it from being a really
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> valuable
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt; thing to do.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; I would support this very much!
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; ______________________________**_________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; Opensim-users mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">Opensim-users at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">Opensim-users at lists.</A>**
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> berlios.de &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">Opensim-users at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/**mailman/listinfo/opensim-users&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">https://lists.berlios.de/**mailman/listinfo/opensim-users&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     ______________________________**_________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     Opensim-users mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">Opensim-users at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">Opensim-users at lists.</A>**
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> berlios.de &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">Opensim-users at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/**mailman/listinfo/opensim-users&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">https://lists.berlios.de/**mailman/listinfo/opensim-users&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> ______________________________**_________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-users mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">Opensim-users at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/**mailman/listinfo/opensim-users&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">https://lists.berlios.de/**mailman/listinfo/opensim-users&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;<i> Justin Clark-Casey (justincc)
</I>&gt;<i> OSVW Consulting
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://justincc.org">http://justincc.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://twitter.com/justincc">http://twitter.com/justincc</A>
</I>&gt;<i> ______________________________**_________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-users mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">Opensim-users at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/**mailman/listinfo/opensim-users&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">https://lists.berlios.de/**mailman/listinfo/opensim-users&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-users/attachments/20121014/38c219b0/attachment.html">https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-users/attachments/20121014/38c219b0/attachment.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>




<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="011069.html">[Opensim-users] Metameets 2012
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="011076.html">[Opensim-users] Metameets 2012
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#11074">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#11074">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#11074">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#11074">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">More information about the Opensim-users
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
