<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-users] Metameets 2012
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-users/2012-October/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-users%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-users%5D%20Metameets%202012&In-Reply-To=%3CCAG6z%2BU4xfJRUCtMRT_onkzNi_LoYRkSxe9rVTZn-Kip9x3N2Yw%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="011076.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="011083.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-users] Metameets 2012</H1>
    <B>Fleep Tuque</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-users%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-users%5D%20Metameets%202012&In-Reply-To=%3CCAG6z%2BU4xfJRUCtMRT_onkzNi_LoYRkSxe9rVTZn-Kip9x3N2Yw%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-users] Metameets 2012">fleep513 at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Tue Oct 16 06:59:08 CEST 2012</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="011076.html">[Opensim-users] Metameets 2012
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="011083.html">[Opensim-users] Metameets 2012
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#11085">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#11085">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#11085">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#11085">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Hi Crista,

AvaCon is the 501(c)(3) non-profit organization that I and a few others
founded a couple of years ago when we took over the organization and
management of the Second Life Community Convention (real life and
in-world).  While our energies were largely directed at SLCC for the first
couple of years, our goal has always been to support more than just Second
Life related events, which is why this year we made the difficult decision
to wind down SLCC to focus on the metaverse more broadly.  (We'll be
announcing an upcoming Metaverse Cultural Series of events soon!)

*AvaCon, Inc. is a non-profit organization dedicated to promoting the
growth, enhancement, and development of the metaverse, virtual worlds,
augmented reality, and 3D immersive and virtual spaces. We hold conventions
and meetings to promote educational and scientific inquiry into these
spaces, and to support organized fan activities, including performances,
lectures, art, music, machinima, and much more. Our primary goal is to
connect and support the diverse communities and practitioners involved in
co-creating and using virtual worlds, and to educate the public and our
constituents about the emerging ecosystem of technologies broadly known as
the metaverse.*
*
*
*<A HREF="http://avacon.org*">http://avacon.org*</A>

As part of our work with SLCC and other events, we've developed a lot of
the planning infrastructure and technical back end for organizing and
running both in-world and real world meetings and performances, so we could
help with coordinating things like registration, scheduling, presentation
proposal submissions, technical coordination, etc.  Depending on what
everyone decides to do, we also have a great group of machinima folks who
can help with live streaming to the web or that sort of thing, too.  I
guess it's too early to say until the scope of the event is better defined,
but we have several years experience producing these kinds of events and
have a lot of resources we could contribute, either as event partners or
in-kind sponsors or whatever arrangement works best.

We discussed the conference at our board meeting yesterday and everyone
agreed we'd like to offer our support, so perhaps can flesh out in more
detail what kind of resources would be most helpful whenever the planning
begins.


- Chris/Fleep

Chris M. Collins (SL/OS: Fleep Tuque)
Center for Simulations &amp; Virtual Environments Research (UCSIM)
UCIT Instructional &amp; Research Computing
University of Cincinnati
406A Zimmer Hall
315 College Drive
PO BOX 210088
Cincinnati, OH 45221-0088
<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">chris.collins at uc.edu</A>
(513) 556-3018

<A HREF="http://ucsim.uc.edu">http://ucsim.uc.edu</A>



On Sun, Oct 14, 2012 at 10:38 AM, Diva Canto &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&gt; wrote:

&gt;<i>  Fleep,
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> What is AvaCon?
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Crista
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> On 10/14/2012 7:27 AM, Fleep Tuque wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> We've added this to the agenda for our next AvaCon board meeting, and I
</I>&gt;<i> think that timeline sounds feasible.  Most people are pretty busy with
</I>&gt;<i> holiday stuff for the next couple months, so starting the serious planning
</I>&gt;<i> after the New Year makes sense.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>  Will post an update after our meeting to confirm the rest of the AvaCon
</I>&gt;<i> folks are on board.  (I don't anticipate any issues!)
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>  Thanks,
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>  - Chris/Fleep
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>  Chris M. Collins (SL/OS: Fleep Tuque)
</I>&gt;<i> Center for Simulations &amp; Virtual Environments Research (UCSIM)
</I>&gt;<i> UCIT Instructional &amp; Research Computing
</I>&gt;<i> University of Cincinnati
</I>&gt;<i> 406A Zimmer Hall
</I>&gt;<i> 315 College Drive
</I>&gt;<i> PO BOX 210088
</I>&gt;<i> Cincinnati, OH 45221-0088
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">chris.collins at uc.edu</A>
</I>&gt;<i> (513) 556-3018
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>  <A HREF="http://ucsim.uc.edu">http://ucsim.uc.edu</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> On Fri, Oct 12, 2012 at 7:19 PM, Justin Clark-Casey &lt;
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">jjustincc at googlemail.com</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Thanks Fleep (and everybody else) for their comments.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> I was envisioning something very simple, at least for the first year,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> most preferably held on up to 4 regions of osgrid.  This would be to make
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> it simpler to control and troubleshoot, rather than having to co-ordinate
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> with a number of people and different grid conditions.  I think that it
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> also provides better focus, though of course there's no reason people
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> couldn't also just go and visit other locations intergrid or hypergrid.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> I would also try to squeeze as many avatars in a single voice-enabled
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> location rather than relay to other places.  This is probably the major
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> technical challenge - I guess the obvious 'normal' thing to do is to meet
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> at the intersection of 4 simulators.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> I will be leaning very heavily on people like Avacon and yourself, Fleep,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> for organization since this is far from my strong point.  So help will be
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> really appreciated.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> My own mental timetable is to start the ball rolling in earnest early
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> next year (probably January) with a view to having the conference in the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> last half or quarter of 2013.  So next year I will create a Google group
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> and ask interested people to join so we can start talking further and get
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> volunteers.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Of course, any early suggestions from yourself (or anybody else) are very
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> welcome since people have vastly more experience and skill with this kind
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> of stuff than do I!
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Best,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Justin
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> On 11/10/12 06:21, Fleep Tuque wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>  Hi Justin,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> About a year ago, AvaCon discussed the possibility of organizing an
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> online Opensim Users Conference, but it seemed like
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> the timing wasn't good for many folks:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://www.avacon.org/blog/events/opensim-users-conference/">http://www.avacon.org/blog/events/opensim-users-conference/</A>   I'd need
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> to check
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> with the rest of the Avacon board since we haven't discussed it in a
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> while, but I'm pretty sure we'd still be up for
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> organizing or sponsoring/partnering with others if this is something the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> community would like to do.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Personally I think it's a great idea, I'm sure there are tons of things
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> we could all learn from each other, and I always
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> love an excuse to go visit other grids!
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - Chris/Fleep
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>  On Thu, Oct 11, 2012 at 12:28 AM, Mic Bowman &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">cmickeyb at gmail.com</A>&lt;mailto:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">cmickeyb at gmail.com</A>&gt;&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     Sounds like a great idea.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      On Wed, Oct 10, 2012 at 7:22 PM, Diva Canto &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&lt;mailto:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&gt;&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; On 10/10/2012 5:56 PM, Justin Clark-Casey wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt; On another note, I think it would be good to have an
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> OpenSimulator
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt; conference at some point in OpenSimulator itself, maybe next
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> year.  Of
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt; course the problems are avatar limits (maybe Intel DSG could
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> help with that)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt; and possible crashing (hence would have to be an 'alpha' free
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> conference).
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt; However, I don't think these would stop it from being a really
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> valuable
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt; thing to do.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; I would support this very much!
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; Opensim-users mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>       &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">Opensim-users at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">Opensim-users at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     Opensim-users mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">Opensim-users at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">Opensim-users at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-users mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">Opensim-users at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Justin Clark-Casey (justincc)
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> OSVW Consulting
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://justincc.org">http://justincc.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://twitter.com/justincc">http://twitter.com/justincc</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>   _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-users mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">Opensim-users at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-users mailing <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">listOpensim-users at lists.berlios.dehttps</A>://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-users mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">Opensim-users at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-users/attachments/20121016/3a6bcc5b/attachment.html">https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-users/attachments/20121016/3a6bcc5b/attachment.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>


<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="011076.html">[Opensim-users] Metameets 2012
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="011083.html">[Opensim-users] Metameets 2012
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#11085">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#11085">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#11085">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#11085">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">More information about the Opensim-users
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
