<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-users] The Overte Foundation for OpenSimulator
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-users/2011-June/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-users%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-users%5D%20The%20Overte%20Foundation%20for%20OpenSimulator&In-Reply-To=%3CBANLkTi%3DfUZDev%2B3eDmpkVNnrNj1r42c_kg%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="007577.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="007580.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-users] The Overte Foundation for OpenSimulator</H1>
    <B>Neil Canham</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-users%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-users%5D%20The%20Overte%20Foundation%20for%20OpenSimulator&In-Reply-To=%3CBANLkTi%3DfUZDev%2B3eDmpkVNnrNj1r42c_kg%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-users] The Overte Foundation for OpenSimulator">neil at knowsense.co.uk
       </A><BR>
    <I>Thu Jun 30 10:14:43 CEST 2011</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="007577.html">[Opensim-users] The Overte Foundation for OpenSimulator
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="007580.html">[Opensim-users] The Overte Foundation for OpenSimulator
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#7579">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#7579">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#7579">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#7579">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>I also see this as great news for the future of OpenSim.  Thanks to everyone
involved in organising this - doing nasty bureaucratic stuff when you'd much
rather be coding!

Neil Canham
CTO vComm Solutions

On Thu, Jun 30, 2011 at 4:49 AM, Fleep Tuque &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">fleep513 at gmail.com</A>&gt; wrote:

&gt;<i> From my perspective, this announcement sounds like extremely welcome and
</I>&gt;<i> exciting news!
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> It's always seemed very unfortunate that communities that should be able to
</I>&gt;<i> collaborate and benefit from each others' knowledge and experience haven't
</I>&gt;<i> been able to because of these kinds of legal concerns, so anything that
</I>&gt;<i> helps reduce those barriers sounds like a positive to me.  In the grand
</I>&gt;<i> scheme of things, virtual worlds and the metaverse are still pretty niche
</I>&gt;<i> interests/technologies, and Second Life and OpenSim niches with that niche -
</I>&gt;<i> better to combine the talents, skills, and passions of those involved in
</I>&gt;<i> both platforms if it can be done safely and reasonably without jeopardizing
</I>&gt;<i> OpenSim's future.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> It's also good to hear you're pursuing a non-profit foundation model and
</I>&gt;<i> separating the functions of the board and the community based contribution
</I>&gt;<i> model.  That kind of setup has worked very well for some of the most
</I>&gt;<i> successful opensource projects and I think those of you on the founding
</I>&gt;<i> board have shown good instincts for the kinds of stewardship the foundation
</I>&gt;<i> will need.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Congratulations and I look forward to seeing how this develops.  :)
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> - Chris/Fleep
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Chris M. Collins (SL: Fleep Tuque)
</I>&gt;<i> Project Manager, UC Second Life
</I>&gt;<i> Second Life Ambassador, Ohio Learning Network
</I>&gt;<i> UCit Instructional &amp; Research Computing
</I>&gt;<i> University of Cincinnati
</I>&gt;<i> 406E Zimmer Hall
</I>&gt;<i> PO Box 210088
</I>&gt;<i> Cincinnati, OH 45221-0088
</I>&gt;<i> (513)556-3018
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">chris.collins at uc.edu</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> UC Second Life:   <A HREF="http://homepages.uc.edu/secondlife">http://homepages.uc.edu/secondlife</A>
</I>&gt;<i> OLN Second Life: <A HREF="http://www.oln.org/emerging_technologies/emtech.php">http://www.oln.org/emerging_technologies/emtech.php</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> On Wed, Jun 29, 2011 at 9:21 PM, Justin Clark-Casey &lt;
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">jjustincc at googlemail.com</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Dear all,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> As I'm sure everybody on these lists is aware, OpenSimulator currently has
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> some restrictions on who can contribute code to the project (
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/**wiki/Contributions_Policy&lt;http://opensimulator.org/wiki/Contributions_Policy">http://opensimulator.org/**wiki/Contributions_Policy&lt;http://opensimulator.org/wiki/Contributions_Policy</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> ).
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> The most controversial of these is the one that prevents contributions
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> from people who have studied the Linden Lab viewer within the past 6 months.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> This policy came about because the early core developers wanted to be very
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> cautious when dealing with a project that was intimately intertwined with
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> OpenSimulator through a common virtual world protocol and concept, but which
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> was licensed under the copyleft GPL license rather than OpenSimulator's BSD
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> license.  It was also inspired by bad, though unrelated, early experiences
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> of unwanted inclusion of GPL code within OpenSimulator.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> However, this rule increasingly restricts progress and innovation.  To
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> state the obvious, it effectively stops Linden Lab viewer and third party
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> viewer developers from contributing to OpenSimulator and it stops
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> OpenSimulator developers from contributing code to those viewers.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> We do want to do something about this.  In very broad terms, there are two
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> choices of action.  Either we simply drop the 6 month restriction or we
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> establish a Contributor's License Agreement (CLA) to explicitly clarify that
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> a developer has the necessary rights to contribute the code that they're
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> giving.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Simply dropping the restriction is tempting.  However, the conditions
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> under which it was established have not changed - the core of the Linden Lab
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> viewer and derivatives is still under the copyleft LGPL license.  Some
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> people think that in general such restrictions are entirely unnecessary but
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> others think that it's a reasonable precaution in the absence of a CLA.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> So the other alternative is to have that CLA.  This is the route that
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> we've started going down.  The proposal is to have a CLA by which a
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> contributor explicitly grants a copyright license over their contributions.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>  Each contributor will continue to own their own code (i.e. there is no
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> transfer of copyright).
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Again, there is considerable debate over CLAs, with some people seeing
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> them as essential and others thinking that they are entirely unnecessary.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>  However, many open-source projects have CLAs (Apache, Django, Python, the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Linden Lab viewer) so we would not be in bad company.  Having to submit a
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> CLA might also reduce casual 'drive-by' patches, though we would make CLA
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> submitting as easy as possible - by accepting them electronically, for
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> instance.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> In order to grant a copyright license there needs to be a receiving
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> entity.  To this end, we are in the process of setting up an organisation
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> known as the Overte Foundation.  The Overte Foundation will receive the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> copyright licenses and become the official distributor of OpenSimulator
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> rather than individual core developers.  This will put it in a good position
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> to deal with code origin or other issues, if any should ever arise.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Once the CLA is complete, the current contribution restrictions to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> OpenSimulator will be removed.  It will be down to each developer (including
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> core developers) to affirm via the CLA that they have the necessary rights
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> over the code that they are contributing.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> One advantage of going down the foundation route is that it will also be
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> able to promote and support OpenSimulator in other ways, quite possibly
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> incorporating members of the community other than just developers.  The
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> foundation could also extend to cover other open-source
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> virtual-environment/virtual-**world projects and components.  In the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> short term, though, we will be concentrating on establishing the CLA.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> At some point soon we would be very grateful for donations to the Overte
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Foundation in order to deal with some of the costs involved in setting
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> things up and for ongoing support and promotion of OpenSimulator.  Setup
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> costs should not be too high since Ben Esplin of Pillsbury Law is very
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> kindly donating time and expertise (he also helped OSgrid establish their
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> organisation).
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> We're actually still in the process of setting up the foundation so we'll
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> only be requesting donations once we have a bank account for them.  However,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> we wanted to get this out in the open now so that people know what is being
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> proposed and so that we can get feedback.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> For a much shorter public statement and FAQ about these topics shorn of
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> the historical context, please see
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/wiki/**Foundation&lt;http://opensimulator.org/wiki/Foundation">http://opensimulator.org/wiki/**Foundation&lt;http://opensimulator.org/wiki/Foundation</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/wiki/**Foundation_FAQ&lt;http://opensimulator.org/wiki/Foundation_FAQ">http://opensimulator.org/wiki/**Foundation_FAQ&lt;http://opensimulator.org/wiki/Foundation_FAQ</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> I will be acting as the first Overte Foundation president, with Diva as
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> treasurer, Melanie as secretary and Nebadon and Ben as initial board
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> members.  The foundation itself will not directly control OpenSimulator
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> development - this will remain with the OpenSimulator team and community as
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> it does now.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Discussion about this is very welcome, whether supporting or critical.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>  I'm logging off now so will likely answer any points tomorrow.  Of course,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> other core developers are very welcome to chip in.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Best,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Justin Clark-Casey (justincc)
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://justincc.org/blog">http://justincc.org/blog</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://twitter.com/justincc">http://twitter.com/justincc</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> ______________________________**_________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-users mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">Opensim-users at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/**mailman/listinfo/opensim-users&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">https://lists.berlios.de/**mailman/listinfo/opensim-users&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-users mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">Opensim-users at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-users/attachments/20110630/6d462df7/attachment.html">https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-users/attachments/20110630/6d462df7/attachment.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="007577.html">[Opensim-users] The Overte Foundation for OpenSimulator
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="007580.html">[Opensim-users] The Overte Foundation for OpenSimulator
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#7579">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#7579">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#7579">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#7579">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">More information about the Opensim-users
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
