<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-users] [PROPOSAL]: Sim version filtering (was Re: Sim Version Filtering (re: Mantis #0002361...)
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-users/2008-November/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-users%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-users%5D%20%5BPROPOSAL%5D%3A%20Sim%20version%20filtering%20%28was%20Re%3A%20Sim%0A%20Version%20Filtering%20%28re%3A%20Mantis%20%230002361...%29&In-Reply-To=%3C491206B5.5030208%40googlemail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000608.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="000610.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-users] [PROPOSAL]: Sim version filtering (was Re: Sim Version Filtering (re: Mantis #0002361...)</H1>
    <B>Justin Clark-Casey</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-users%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-users%5D%20%5BPROPOSAL%5D%3A%20Sim%20version%20filtering%20%28was%20Re%3A%20Sim%0A%20Version%20Filtering%20%28re%3A%20Mantis%20%230002361...%29&In-Reply-To=%3C491206B5.5030208%40googlemail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-users] [PROPOSAL]: Sim version filtering (was Re: Sim Version Filtering (re: Mantis #0002361...)">jjustincc at googlemail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Wed Nov  5 21:48:53 CET 2008</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000608.html">[Opensim-users] [PROPOSAL]: Sim version filtering (was Re: Sim	Version Filtering (re: Mantis #0002361...)
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="000610.html">[Opensim-users] [PROPOSAL]: Sim version filtering (was Re: Sim	Version Filtering (re: Mantis #0002361...)
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#609">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#609">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#609">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#609">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Charles Krinke wrote:
&gt;<i> My key issue on the 0.6 tag release is having a sufficient number of 
</I>&gt;<i> folks comfortable with moving forward. Nebadon and daTwitch are two 
</I>&gt;<i> folks I depend on to help move us in an &quot;increasing reliability and 
</I>&gt;<i> stability&quot; direction. So, I would appreciate both feeling a bit more 
</I>&gt;<i> comfortable with a 0.6 release. Perhaps we will get there by Sunday, 
</I>&gt;<i> perhaps not.
</I>
It just struck me that this can still be done for 0.6 even if it isn't in there by then.  We would simply treat the 
interface version number as 0 if it isn't present, which would make it initially compatible until the next incompatible 
change.

So please go ahead with the release without this.  If the release doesn't happen on Sunday for whatever reason, I may 
insert this next week.

&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Justin, if you want to add in your logic, please feel free. I can not 
</I>&gt;<i> imagine that it will decrease stability or reliability in any way. As I 
</I>&gt;<i> currently understand the problem, our issue for stability and 
</I>&gt;<i> reliability is that a) Sims have been freezing, b) Sims seem to consume 
</I>&gt;<i> memory until they start swapping or crash. If we feel that we have a 
</I>&gt;<i> reasonable enough trunk to tag it as 0.6, I am delighted to do so, and I 
</I>&gt;<i> hope we can get there by Sunday.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I think the key criteria for this tagged release is not what features 
</I>&gt;<i> exist, but rather, when we tag it, and those who only download tagged 
</I>&gt;<i> releases start using it will a) It work at least half-way reliably b) 
</I>&gt;<i> Connect to various grids c) Not increase our support overhead on IRC. If 
</I>&gt;<i> those three constraints are met, then I would vote &quot;full speed ahead and 
</I>&gt;<i> darn the torpedoes&quot;.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Charles
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> ----- Original Message ----
</I>&gt;<i> From: Justin Clark-Casey &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">jjustincc at googlemail.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">opensim-users at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> Sent: Wednesday, November 5, 2008 11:42:01 AM
</I>&gt;<i> Subject: Re: [Opensim-users] [PROPOSAL]: Sim version filtering (was Re: 
</I>&gt;<i> Sim Version Filtering (re: Mantis #0002361...)
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Charles Krinke wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; This seems eminently reasonable to me also.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; On the 0.6 front, I would like to aim for this coming Sunday to tag svn
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; for a 0.6 release and start the cycle of zip/tarball and binaries for
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; download. As a consequence, this week needs to be one of reliability and
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; stability testing.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Ah okay, if we are doing this Sunday then there probably isn't time to 
</I>&gt;<i> both do this and give it a reasonable shakedown.
</I>&gt;<i>   It would need an extra week, I think.  It's your call - I'm easy 
</I>&gt;<i> either way.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; We had a few problems last week with freezes of regions and this appears
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; to be getting better.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; This is the time to push for stability as we head towards Sunday with a
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; few to how to minimize support issues on both this channel and our IRC.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; Charles
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; ----- Original Message ----
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; From: Sean Dague &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">sdague at gmail.com</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">sdague at gmail.com</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">opensim-users at lists.berlios.de</A> 
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">opensim-users at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; Sent: Wednesday, November 5, 2008 7:28:42 AM
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; Subject: Re: [Opensim-users] [PROPOSAL]: Sim version filtering (was Re:
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; Sim Version Filtering (re: Mantis #0002361...)
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; Justin Clark-Casey wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt; PROPOSAL FOR SIM VERSION FILTERING
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt; Not being able to stop sim versions that implement obsolete comms
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; interfaces from connecting to a grid is becoming an
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt; increasingly awkward problem.  As you can imagine, it leads to a high
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; volume of support requests, particular if the grid
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt; is upgrading quite often (which is the case in large development test
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; grids).
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt; There has been a proposal (in
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; <A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/mantis/view.php?id=2361">http://opensimulator.org/mantis/view.php?id=2361</A>) to have the region
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; server send its SVN
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt; revision number to enable filtering by the grid server.  However, I'm
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; not a fan of this idea for the reasons outlined in
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt; the e-mails further below (ties us into a source control system, not
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; necessarily present in binaries/source, not
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt; friendly to non OpenSim implementations).
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt; Therefore, I am going to propose that there is an interface version
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; number in OpenSim.Framework.Servers.VersionInfo.cs 
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;<A HREF="http://OpenSim.Framework.Servers.VersionInfo.cs">http://OpenSim.Framework.Servers.VersionInfo.cs</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &lt;<A HREF="http://OpenSim.Framework.Servers.VersionInfo.cs">http://OpenSim.Framework.Servers.VersionInfo.cs</A>&gt;.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt;  This is separate from the OpenSim version, and would increase by 1
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; every time a change was made to OGS1 or interregion
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt; interfaces that was incompatible with older versions.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt; So the sequence would be 1, 2, 3, 4, ...
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt; On region connection, the version number would be sent.  If it
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; differs from that of the grid, the grid would refuse
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt; connection with a message advising version upgrade (or possibly
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; downgrade)
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt; The advantages of this approach are that
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt; a)  We don't use the SVN revision number
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt; b)  Grid operators don't have to manually determine which regions are
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; compatible
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt; The disadvantages are
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt; a)  Developers have to upgrade the number themselves.  I don't
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; believe this is a huge burden.  It's also not a disaster
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt; if this is forgotton - one just upgrades it on the next commit.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt; This may be the simplest thing that could possibly work whilst
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; avoiding the disadvantages of using the SVN number.  One
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt; can get more elaborate (e.g. minor verion numbers for compatible
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; changes) but I don't think the complication is
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt; worthwhile or known to be workable at this point.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;  &gt; Comments?
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; +1 on this approach.  I like not using svn version, as that restricts
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; compatibility too much.  I also think we'll have a good success rate at
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; figuring out that something is destabalizing change.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; I'd *highly* suggest this goes in before 0.6, so that 0.6 regions
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; participate in this system.  This will be important as a lot of people
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; will probably go to 0.6 when it comes out and get off the svn tracking
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; at that point.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;    -Sean
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; --
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; Sean Dague / Neas Bade
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">sdague at gmail.com</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">sdague at gmail.com</A>&gt; &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">sdague at gmail.com</A> 
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">sdague at gmail.com</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; <A HREF="http://dague.net">http://dague.net</A>
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; Opensim-users mailing list
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">Opensim-users at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">Opensim-users at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> -- 
</I>&gt;<i> justincc
</I>&gt;<i> Justin Clark-Casey
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://justincc.wordpress.com">http://justincc.wordpress.com</A>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-users mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">Opensim-users at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">Opensim-users at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-users mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">Opensim-users at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users</A>
</I>

-- 
justincc
Justin Clark-Casey
<A HREF="http://justincc.wordpress.com">http://justincc.wordpress.com</A>

</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000608.html">[Opensim-users] [PROPOSAL]: Sim version filtering (was Re: Sim	Version Filtering (re: Mantis #0002361...)
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="000610.html">[Opensim-users] [PROPOSAL]: Sim version filtering (was Re: Sim	Version Filtering (re: Mantis #0002361...)
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#609">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#609">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#609">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#609">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">More information about the Opensim-users
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
