<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-users] [PROPOSAL]: Sim version filtering (was Re: Sim	Version Filtering (re: Mantis #0002361...)
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-users/2008-November/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-users%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-users%5D%20%5BPROPOSAL%5D%3A%20Sim%20version%20filtering%20%28was%20Re%3A%20Sim%0A%09Version%20Filtering%20%28re%3A%20Mantis%20%230002361...%29&In-Reply-To=%3C170fa1780811050908q1773bfb7lb9782b0d7f476ccd%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000603.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="000606.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-users] [PROPOSAL]: Sim version filtering (was Re: Sim	Version Filtering (re: Mantis #0002361...)</H1>
    <B>James Stallings II</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-users%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-users%5D%20%5BPROPOSAL%5D%3A%20Sim%20version%20filtering%20%28was%20Re%3A%20Sim%0A%09Version%20Filtering%20%28re%3A%20Mantis%20%230002361...%29&In-Reply-To=%3C170fa1780811050908q1773bfb7lb9782b0d7f476ccd%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-users] [PROPOSAL]: Sim version filtering (was Re: Sim	Version Filtering (re: Mantis #0002361...)">james.stallings at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Wed Nov  5 18:08:18 CET 2008</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000603.html">[Opensim-users] [PROPOSAL]: Sim version filtering (was Re: Sim	Version Filtering (re: Mantis #0002361...)
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="000606.html">[Opensim-users] [PROPOSAL]: Sim version filtering (was Re: Sim Version Filtering (re: Mantis #0002361...)
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#604">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#604">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#604">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#604">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>This approach works for me - I am not commited to any particular system, and
the more compatibility can be preserved, the better. It also addresses my
other principal concern, that of granularity. That being said, we still have
not addressed the issue of the region that is already registered with the
grid - where does this case fit into the picture?

As for a sunday release, unless miracles happen in the stability department
in the interim, I think that sunday may be a bit aggressive. Perhaps the
following sunday might be more realistic. Again, it all comes down to
stability. If we are reasonably stable by this sunday, that would be great,
and I'd be willing to endorse a release. If a week past sunday we are still
similarly unstable, I think a release would be a mistake then as well.

I think we need to remember that as developers, we drive the releases, the
releases dont drive us.

Cheers!
James


On Wed, Nov 5, 2008 at 10:20 AM, Charles Krinke &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">cfk at pacbell.net</A>&gt; wrote:

&gt;<i> This seems eminently reasonable to me also.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> On the 0.6 front, I would like to aim for this coming Sunday to tag svn for
</I>&gt;<i> a 0.6 release and start the cycle of zip/tarball and binaries for download.
</I>&gt;<i> As a consequence, this week needs to be one of reliability and stability
</I>&gt;<i> testing.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> We had a few problems last week with freezes of regions and this appears to
</I>&gt;<i> be getting better.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> This is the time to push for stability as we head towards Sunday with a few
</I>&gt;<i> to how to minimize support issues on both this channel and our IRC.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Charles
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> ----- Original Message ----
</I>&gt;<i> From: Sean Dague &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">sdague at gmail.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">opensim-users at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> Sent: Wednesday, November 5, 2008 7:28:42 AM
</I>&gt;<i> Subject: Re: [Opensim-users] [PROPOSAL]: Sim version filtering (was Re: Sim
</I>&gt;<i> Version Filtering (re: Mantis #0002361...)
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Justin Clark-Casey wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; PROPOSAL FOR SIM VERSION FILTERING
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Not being able to stop sim versions that implement obsolete comms
</I>&gt;<i> interfaces from connecting to a grid is becoming an
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; increasingly awkward problem.  As you can imagine, it leads to a high
</I>&gt;<i> volume of support requests, particular if the grid
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; is upgrading quite often (which is the case in large development test
</I>&gt;<i> grids).
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; There has been a proposal (in
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/mantis/view.php?id=2361">http://opensimulator.org/mantis/view.php?id=2361</A>) to have the region
</I>&gt;<i> server send its SVN
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; revision number to enable filtering by the grid server.  However, I'm not
</I>&gt;<i> a fan of this idea for the reasons outlined in
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; the e-mails further below (ties us into a source control system, not
</I>&gt;<i> necessarily present in binaries/source, not
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; friendly to non OpenSim implementations).
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Therefore, I am going to propose that there is an interface version
</I>&gt;<i> number in OpenSim.Framework.Servers.VersionInfo.cs.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  This is separate from the OpenSim version, and would increase by 1 every
</I>&gt;<i> time a change was made to OGS1 or interregion
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; interfaces that was incompatible with older versions.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; So the sequence would be 1, 2, 3, 4, ...
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; On region connection, the version number would be sent.  If it differs
</I>&gt;<i> from that of the grid, the grid would refuse
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; connection with a message advising version upgrade (or possibly
</I>&gt;<i> downgrade)
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; The advantages of this approach are that
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; a)  We don't use the SVN revision number
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; b)  Grid operators don't have to manually determine which regions are
</I>&gt;<i> compatible
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; The disadvantages are
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; a)  Developers have to upgrade the number themselves.  I don't believe
</I>&gt;<i> this is a huge burden.  It's also not a disaster
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; if this is forgotton - one just upgrades it on the next commit.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; This may be the simplest thing that could possibly work whilst avoiding
</I>&gt;<i> the disadvantages of using the SVN number.  One
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; can get more elaborate (e.g. minor verion numbers for compatible changes)
</I>&gt;<i> but I don't think the complication is
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; worthwhile or known to be workable at this point.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Comments?
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> +1 on this approach.  I like not using svn version, as that restricts
</I>&gt;<i> compatibility too much.  I also think we'll have a good success rate at
</I>&gt;<i> figuring out that something is destabalizing change.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> I'd *highly* suggest this goes in before 0.6, so that 0.6 regions
</I>&gt;<i> participate in this system.  This will be important as a lot of people
</I>&gt;<i> will probably go to 0.6 when it comes out and get off the svn tracking
</I>&gt;<i> at that point.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>     -Sean
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;<i> Sean Dague / Neas Bade
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">sdague at gmail.com</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://dague.net">http://dague.net</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-users mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">Opensim-users at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>

-- 
===================================
The wind
scours the earth for prayers
The night obscures them

<A HREF="http://osgrid.org">http://osgrid.org</A>
<A HREF="http://del.icio.us/SPQR">http://del.icio.us/SPQR</A>
<A HREF="http://twitter.com/jstallings2">http://twitter.com/jstallings2</A>
<A HREF="http://www.linkedin.com/pub/5/770/a49">http://www.linkedin.com/pub/5/770/a49</A>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-users/attachments/20081105/f25d9325/attachment.html">https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-users/attachments/20081105/f25d9325/attachment.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000603.html">[Opensim-users] [PROPOSAL]: Sim version filtering (was Re: Sim	Version Filtering (re: Mantis #0002361...)
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="000606.html">[Opensim-users] [PROPOSAL]: Sim version filtering (was Re: Sim Version Filtering (re: Mantis #0002361...)
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#604">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#604">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#604">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#604">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">More information about the Opensim-users
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
