<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-users] OpenSimulator 0.7.5-rc2 now available
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-users/2013-January/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-users%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-users%5D%20OpenSimulator%200.7.5-rc2%20now%20available&In-Reply-To=%3C510332AA.3000807%40googlemail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="011662.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="011666.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-users] OpenSimulator 0.7.5-rc2 now available</H1>
    <B>Justin Clark-Casey</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-users%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-users%5D%20OpenSimulator%200.7.5-rc2%20now%20available&In-Reply-To=%3C510332AA.3000807%40googlemail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-users] OpenSimulator 0.7.5-rc2 now available">jjustincc at googlemail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Sat Jan 26 02:34:34 CET 2013</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="011662.html">[Opensim-users] Question about terrain textures
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="011666.html">[Opensim-users] Sending attachments in group notices using flotsam xmlrpc groups
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#11664">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#11664">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#11664">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#11664">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Hi folks,

OpenSimulator 0.7.5-rc2 [1], the second release candidate for the next version of OpenSimulator, is now available [2].

Compared to rc1, the changes are pretty minor - many are tweaks to debug console commands and additional debug commands.

Probably the chief change is a fix for a recent functionality regression where client AOs, such as that implemented by Firestorm, stopped working as they previously had been with OpenSimulator (commit af5a3f2).

Unless there are any showstopping regressions, I expect that this release candidate will likely be very close, if not functionally identical, to what is ultimately released as OpenSimulator 0.7.5.

The one line git summary of each commit since 0.7.5-rc1 is shown below.

8f32e16 minor: Fix full scene part console report to show proper Light* names rather than all wrongly FlexiDrag
c42e2c6 minor: Call down to base OpenSimTestCase.SetUp() in NPCModuleTests to disable any enabled logging from previous tests
6bd57f2 Bump version up to 0.7.5-rc2
af5a3f2 Restore previous client AO behaviour by not allowing them to remove the default animation but continue to allow scripts to do so.
0ba01ce Check the existing ScenePresence.ParentPart to make sure we're not trying to sit on a prim we're already sat upon, rather than looking up the part from scratch.
70e1dd5 New constants for llGetObjectDetails
c42bff5 Fix use of scene debug commands when region is set to root or a specific region where there is more than one region on the simulator.
10b3c6b Add &quot;debug set set animations true|false&quot; region console command.
8ecf6ed Add utility function to clamp a vector to a maximum magnitude.
0945044 Changed a couple of debug messages at the request of osgrid.
e2823bf move resit fix to ScenePresence.cs and allow for requesting sit on objects other than the object currently sat on
795009c Print full stacktrace from plugin loading failure to help determine what went wrong, rather than a possibly unhelpful simple exception message.
cc8fbf7 Fix exception reporting in SceneObjectPart so it logs what the exception is rather than just saying it happened.
af27180 add some sanity checking to HandleAgentRequestSit handler
c182157 Fix a regression in the last few scene commands changes where setting these via the viewer estate dialog stopped working.
1cda887 Add &quot;debug scene get&quot; console command to list current scene options
0ba0ac4 Move scene debug commands into separate module.  Command changes from &quot;debug scene &lt;key&gt; &lt;value&gt;&quot; to &quot;debug scene set &lt;key&gt; &lt;value&gt;&quot; to accomodate future settings
ce8b30d minor: Capitalize GroupsModule command category
d4c4cb3 minor: add missing newline to &quot;debug scene&quot; console command
ac43006 Remove unimplemented &quot;debug teleport&quot; console command
069e2d6 Add &quot;debug scene pbackup true|false&quot; console command.  This enables or disable periodic scene backup.  For debug purposes.
30eded2 revert accidental change to MemoryWatchdog stat calculation in previous b1b4687
2563553 Add &quot;show script timers&quot; command to show script timers.  For debug purposes.
9ddddde Add &quot;show sensors&quot; command to show script sensor information for debug purposes.
99a5ea9 minor: Remove unnecessary commented out code from last commit c28a2f05 and fix up code comment
880b236 minor: make spacing consistent in console help output
f47f3dd minor: Fix command match of &quot;debug script&quot; command to &quot;debug scripts&quot; to match other scripts commands (and it's own short help text)
8ee078c minor: Allow &quot;script *&quot; console commands to take multiple script item ids
17d54a7 Add the new UpdateAgentInformation cap to make maturity on more recent viewers work.

[1] <A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/wiki/0.7.5_Release">http://opensimulator.org/wiki/0.7.5_Release</A>
[2] <A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/wiki/Download">http://opensimulator.org/wiki/Download</A>

-- 
Justin Clark-Casey (justincc)
OSVW Consulting
<A HREF="http://justincc.org">http://justincc.org</A>
<A HREF="http://twitter.com/justincc">http://twitter.com/justincc</A>
</PRE>





<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="011662.html">[Opensim-users] Question about terrain textures
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="011666.html">[Opensim-users] Sending attachments in group notices using flotsam xmlrpc groups
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#11664">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#11664">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#11664">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#11664">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-users">More information about the Opensim-users
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
